Description: 

This project is about analyzing the test results involving 249 mice divided in 10 drug treatments, with one of them being a placebo. There are an almost equal amount of both male and female mice used in this study. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens.

References:

Data generated by MockarooLinks to an external site., LLC (2022). Realistic Data Generator.

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on Pyaceuticals_solution.ipynb step 6 for help to get the correct function to create a clean DataFrame by dropping the duplicate mouse by its ID. Retrieved from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on Pyaceuticals_solution.ipynb step 9 for help to get the correct function for using the aggregation method, produce the same summary statistics in a single line. Retrieved from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on Pyaceuticals_solution.ipynb step 12 for help with making a pie chart. I laerned for Xpert Learning Assistant to use this function in particular: (autopct= "%1.1f%%"). Retrieved from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on Pyaceuticals_solution.ipynb step 13 for help with making a pie chart. I learned for Xpert Learning Assistant to use ".index" after I did labels=gender.index. Retrieved from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on Pyaceuticals_solution.ipynb step 15 for help with the for loop statements. In specific, it helped me with getting these functions typed correctly:     tumor_volumes = combined_df[combined_df['Drug Regimen'] == treatment]['Tumor Volume (mm3)'] and tumor_vol_data.append(tumor_volumes). Retrieved from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)

Xpert Learning Assistant. 2024. I used this website for help on Pyaceuticals_solution.ipynb step 16 for help with making a boxplot chart. In specific, it helped me with getting this function written out correctly so that my boxplot will show: plt.boxplot([combined_df[combined_df['Drug Regimen'] == treatment]['Tumor Volume (mm3)'] for treatment in treatments], labels=treatments). Retrieved from (https://bootcampspot.instructure.com/courses/6344/external_tools/313)
